All Microsoft employees and external staff are expected to read through this page in its entirety so they are aware of all directives, for themselves and their visitors who may be meeting with them at campus.

Employees and external staff seated at a leased worksite may also be required to adhere to parking policies set forth by the Landlord, the Landlord’s property management firm, and/or the parking management company.

Microsoft Parking Policy
All Microsoft employees, external staff, and visitors must abide by the parking policy outlined in Microsoft's global RE&F Facilities Policy.

Failure to register a vehicle or comply with the parking policy and the requirements stated may result in towing at the owner's expense.

Puget Sound Parking
The parking policy outlined on this page provides further details specific to the Puget Sound area. The policy is designed to

ensure there is adequate parking for all Microsoft employees, external staff, and visitors;
encourage the use of carpooling and vanpooling as a means of commuting to work;
assist Microsoft with its regulatory compliance;
and provide methods to help protect the safety and security of individuals and company facilities.
Employees parking on Microsoft property assume all risk of loss or damage to employee-owned, personal vehicles. It is the sole responsibility of the vehicle operator to be aware of, and adhere to, all laws pertaining to the parking of any vehicle entering Microsoft property. 

Parking Registration Required
​All Microsoft employees and external staff are required to register their vehicle(s) using the Vehicle Registration Tool. To access the registration page, you must be logged in to the corporate network or VPN.

The information that is required when registering a vehicle includes: vehicle year, make, model, color, license plate state and number. Microsoft employees and external staff are required to update their vehicle information as needed.

Unregistered vehicles may be towed from Microsoft facilities at the owner's expense. Employees and external staff will not receive notice prior to their vehicle being towed if the vehicle is found to be in violation of the Microsoft parking policies and towing is the appropriate enforcement measure.

*NOTE: All employees and external staff are required to register their vehicles. However parking permits are no longer required at Puget Sound Campus locations due to new License Plate Reader technology.

Extended Parking
Employees and external staff may, for business reasons, leave their vehicle parked on the east end (towards the main entrance) of X3 Level of the Studios West (Commons) Garage for more than 72 consecutive hours if they have received written approval from RE&F. Employees and external staff must complete the Extended Parking Request Form prior to leaving their vehicle at the designated parking location. Note: Employees parking on Microsoft property assume ALL risk of loss or damage to employee-owned, personal vehicles.

Personal Vehicle Storage
The use of Microsoft parking facilities for personal storage of a vehicle, recreational vehicle, trailer, watercraft, or living/sleeping in any vehicle for any length of time, is prohibited.

Any vehicle or recreational vehicle found parked at any Microsoft parking facility for 72 consecutive hours or more may be considered as being stored at Microsoft parking facilities and is subject to towing at the owner's expense without prior notice.
Relocating a vehicle or recreational vehicle within the same parking facility or to a different Microsoft parking facility without leaving Microsoft property, owned or leased, for at least 8 consecutive hours does not circumvent the 72 hour rule or exempt the employee from the vehicle storage policy. 
Any vehicle or recreational vehicle declared legally abandoned as defined by state and local laws is subject to towing or removal at owner's expense without prior notice.
Any trailer or watercraft located at any Microsoft parking facility is subject to removal at owner's expense without prior notice.
Living or sleeping in a vehicle on Microsoft property is prohibited.
Parking areas and stalls
Non-restricted parking stalls
Non-restricted parking stalls in Microsoft parking facilities. Please make sure your vehicle(s) is registered using the Vehicle Registration Tool.
General purpose stalls are available to all employees and external staff.
Compact vehicle stalls are available to employees and external staff who drive a compact vehicle to work.
Restricted parking areas
Microsoft parking facilities also have restricted parking areas that require a specific permit, prior registration, or a certain vehicle type.

Employees and external staff who violate the Microsoft Parking Policy by parking in areas they are not authorized to park in, or who fail to display the proper permit if applicable (i.e. disabled parking area, carpool), risk being ticketed and/or towed at owner's expense, without prior warning. When in doubt, employees and external staff should park in a General Purpose stall.

Disabled Parking Areas
In accordance with federal, state, and local law, Microsoft provides disabled parking at its parking facilities. Disabled parking areas are designated by signs or surface painting with the recognizable wheelchair symbol. The following policies apply to disabled parking areas.

Any vehicle parked in disabled parking areas must display a government issued disabled parking permit or have disabled vehicle license plates. A temporary or permanent disabled parking permit or license plate may be obtained via the Washington State DOL:

Any vehicle found parked in a disabled parking area without a valid disabled parking permit or license plate will be immediately towed at owner's expense without prior notice and can carry a significant fine for both the offending individual and Microsoft. Microsoft will cooperate fully with local law enforcement to ensure these laws are upheld on Microsoft property.

Microsoft does not issue disabled parking permits or license plates and is not authorized to do so.

Visitor Parking Areas
Microsoft provides visitor parking to provide easy access to Microsoft buildings for its customers, clients, guests, and other visitors (henceforth "visitors"). Visitor parking areas are marked with signage. The following policies apply to visitor parking areas:

Microsoft employees and external staff may not park in visitor parking areas at any Microsoft worksite between 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. Monday through Friday, excluding company holidays. For example, Microsoft employees and external staff located at RedWest may not park in a visitor parking stall at Building 35 or in a visitor stall at any other Microsoft worksite.
Vehicles parked in a visitor stall between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. Monday through Friday, excluding company holidays, that belong to an employee or external staff person shall receive one warning ticket. On any subsequent violation, the vehicle shall be towed at the owner's expense without prior notice.
All Microsoft employees and external staff must make sure that their visitor(s) immediately register their vehicle with a building receptionist, or the visitor's vehicle may be towed at the owner's expense without prior notice.
Microsoft employees and external staff expecting any visitor(s) before 8:00 a.m. must register the visitor's vehicle using the Vehicle Registration Tool.
Expectant Mother Stalls
Expectant Mother stalls are set aside to provide convenient parking to expectant mothers. Typically, these stalls are adjacent to carpool/vanpool stalls or are located in areas with additional access space. Permits or registration are not required for these stalls.​​​​​​​

Electric Vehicle Charging Stations
Microsoft provides electric vehicle supply equipment (EVSE), aka EV charging stations, for employees and external staff who need to charge their electric vehicle while at work. Designated EV parking areas are marked with signage and are reserved for authorized users of the EV charging stations.

Parking areas designated for EV charging may only be occupied by EV drivers who have registered with the Microsoft Commute team.
Participants of the EV charging program may only park their vehicle in a parking area designated for the EV charging while charging their vehicle.
Any vehicle parked in a parking area that is designated for EV charging program participants that is not presently using the charging station shall receive one warning ticket. On any subsequent violation, the car shall be towed at the owner's expense without prior notice. ​​​​​​​
Over-height Vehicle Parking Areas
Microsoft provides parking areas for vehicles over 6'-6" in overall height. Any vehicle parked in an over-height vehicle parking area that is less than 6'-6" in overall height will be ticketed and/or towed at the owner's expense without prior notice.

Leased-Property Parking
The parking policies at Microsoft leased worksites, or offsite parking locations near leased worksites, may differ from and supersede the parking policies above. Employees and external staff seated at or visiting Microsoft leased worksites are expected to know and abide by parking policies established by the Landlord, the Landlord's property management firm, or the parking management company.

Microsoft is not responsible for any parking fines or towing costs incurred by an employees or external staff person as a result of the enforcement of a parking policy at a leased worksite by the Landlord, the Landlord's property management firm, or the parking management company. 

Service Vehicle Parking
To request service vehicle parking, please contact Microsoft Commute.

Giving Campaign Stalls
Each year, during the Giving Campaign, Microsoft employees may bid for the right to select a general parking stall that will be set aside for their exclusive use for one calendar year. Each Giving Campaign parking stall has a visible sign clearly stating the intended use of the stall. The following policies apply to Giving Campaign parking stalls:

Owners of a Giving Campaign stall may only park in the stall they selected and had set aside for their exclusive use for the year in which they are the auction winner.
Owners of a Giving Campaign stall who find their stall occupied by another vehicle should park in a General Purpose stall and then contact Microsoft Commute to report the violation.
Any vehicle parked in a Giving Campaign parking stall without authorization shall be towed at owner's expense without prior notice. No warning ticket will be issued.​​​​​​​
Motorcycle Parking Areas
Microsoft provides parking areas specifically for motorcycles. Motorcycle parking areas are marked with signage and striping. Any vehicle parked in a motorcycle parking area that is not a motorcycle will be ticketed and/or towed at the owner's expense without prior notice. ​​​​​​​

Installation of Signage and Striping
Microsoft Real Estate & Facilities is responsible for the installation of parking signage and striping. Employees and external staff are prohibited from modifying or installing parking signage or striping. Employees or external staff who modify or install parking signage or striping without approval from Real Estate & Facilities may face disciplinary action, including responsibility for any replacement or repair costs.

Contact
If you have additional questions or concerns about parking, contact Microsoft Commute.